Add Sentry conf to docs and 'make run-api' (#31)
athenianco/athenian-api: server/README.md

And open http://localhost:8080/v1/ui

> ## Configure sentry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure Sentry
```

> You can set `SENTRY_PROJECT` and `SENTRY_KEY` environment variables to send to Sentry the issues that were locally found when running the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set `SENTRY_PROJECT` and `SENTRY_KEY` environment variables to automatically send the local server crashes to Sentry.
```

> If you're running the API with docker (using `make run-api` from above), you must stop the server, add the sentry values into the `.env` file that will be in the root folder of `athenian-api`, and start the server again (with `make run-api`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're running the API with docker (using `make run-api` from above), you should stop the server, add the Sentry values into the `.env` file that will be in the root folder of `athenian-api`, and start the server again (with `make run-api`).
```
